# Mind Plague

The player starts each level on a specific level, they are able to move forward and backward as well as jump using the arrow keys. They can attack an enemy by pressing the spacebar. An attack launches a projectile from the player towards whichever direction the player is facing. As the game progresses the player must cycle through the different emotions to complete the level. This is done by pressing the keys 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, where each number represents the emotion in the order they are unlocked. i.e. Fear is 1, Love is 2, etc. The game consists of two main types of enemies, the eggs and the pelican. The pelican is not encountered until the final level. Each enemy has their health displayed above them and will take damage until the health runs out and will then die. One enemy on the screen will be randomly chosen to drop a key needed to release the imprisoned emotion. As the game progresses, certain keys will be dropped that can only be picked up by certain emotions and carried towards the cell to work towards releasing the prisoner. In addition to this, different types of eggs will spawn according to the emotions unlocked by the player, these enemies can only be killed by a certain emotion, they are denoted by a specific color. Now, the emotions all share the same health bar so the damage taken while playing as one emotion will be there when playing as another. In addition to this, each emotion has their own special ability that can be used to aid their survival, offense and defense in the level. This special ability is triggered when the 'z' key is pressed.Upon releasing all the emotions, all 5 will create a super ability that can be used at most 3 times in the boss level,in addition to their individual abilities that can be used as many times as allowed by the const
